[3.0 doc] Guide to use developing html5 client (#24674)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/development/dev-guide.md

sudo bbb-conf --restart
```

> Edit /usr/share/bigbluebutton/nginx/bbb-html5.nginx to use bbb-html5.nginx.dev, instead of bbb-html5.nginx.static. If the file path to bbb-html5.nginx.dev is missing, try /usr/share/bigbluebutton/nginx/bbb-html5.nginx.dev. Then restart nginx by `sudo systemctl restart nginx`. Remember to switch it back when you stop using the developing client.

Reviewer: Did you see a scenario where `bbb-html5.nginx.dev` was missing?
I would suggest to remove this part for simplicity.

```suggestion
Edit `/usr/share/bigbluebutton/nginx/bbb-html5.nginx` and comment the line that includes `bbb-html5.nginx.static`, then uncomment the line that includes `bbb-html5.nginx.dev`.
After that, restart nginx with: `sudo systemctl restart nginx`

Remember to revert the change when you stop using the development client.
```
